But...
If I'd known this would happen,
I wish you'd stayed cold to me.
If you had,
I wouldn't have realized
my feelings for you...
Or been sad to learn
about Asuna...
Or fallen in love with
Kirito instead of you!
I'm sorry.
Just... leave me alone...
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"Bonds"
Ever since then, I couldn't make sense
of the distance I felt from my family.
"I'm not a true child of this family."
I learned this when I was ten.
"Who is she really?"
"Can I honestly say I know her?"
Maybe that strange feeling of not fitting in was
one of the things that drove me to online gaming.
An artificial world, where no one really
knows anything about each other.
I immersed myself
in that comfortable world...
But my two years in SAO
led me to a certain truth.
That there's no meaningful difference
between a real and a virtual world.
It's pointless to ask anyone
who they really are.
All you can do is accept
and believe in them.
Because whoever they are in
your mind is their true identity.
When I returned to the real
world and saw Sugu's face,
I was happy from the
bottom of my heart.
I swore I'd try my best
to close the distance
that had grown between us
over the previous few years.
But I...
What can I do for Sugu?
Sugu?
I'll wait for you in Arun
on the north terrace.
After I said such
horrible things...
You're really strong, Big Brother.
But I just can't be that strong...
Back then, I told you to
do your best, to not give up.
But now, I can't stop crying.
But what can I say?
Leafa!
I've been looking everywhere
for you, Leafa.
R-Recon?
--Didn't the Salamanders catch you?
--I poisoned them all and escaped.
Poisoned them?
And then I followed you.
Hey... Where's that Spriggan?
Well...
Well, you see...
I said something mean to him...
Something I shouldn't have said.
I'm an idiot.
I'm sorry for saying weird stuff.
I won't be seeing him anymore,
so let's go back to Sylvain.
Leafa...
Leafa!
You can't cry, Leafa!
Wh-What?
If you aren't smiling,
you aren't really Leafa.
I... I'll always stay with you! I'll never
leave you alone, here or in the real world!
--Wai--
--I-I... Leafa...
Suguha, I like you!
Um...
Wait! What are you doing?
--A-Are you okay?
--Ow...
It's strange...
I was positive the only question left was
whether I had the guts to ask you out...
You really are a moron, aren't you?
I could learn a thing or two
from you sometimes.
Hey.
Here I am.
Sugu...
Big Brother, let's have a duel.
Let's pick up where
we left off that day.
This time, no handicaps.
That's why he seemed so accomplished.
Here I go!
Why?
I wanted to apologize to you...
But I didn't know what to say.
So I thought I'd at least
give you a free shot.
You did too?
I'm sorry.
I am too.
I still haven't returned from that world,
not in the true sense.
It hasn't ended. Not yet.
Until she wakes up,
I'm not really back in reality.
That's why... I don't know
how I should think of you yet.
I'll be waiting...
I'll be waiting for you to
come home to us for real.
So I'm going to help you!
Um...
Wh-What's going on?
We're raiding the World Tree...
Him, you, and me;
the three of us.
A-All right...
Wait... What?
Yui, are you here?
What is it, Daddy?
Did you learn anything
when we fought the guardians?
Their individual stats aren't very high.
But there are too many.
I have to assume completing this quest
was never meant to be possible.
So together, they add up
to a single, unbeatable boss?
However, with your skills and EXP, it may be
possible to break through with a burst of speed.
You guys, I'm sorry to ask, but would
you mind humoring me one last time?
Somehow, I feel like there
isn't much time left.
I'll do whatever I can.
And so will he.
Well, Leafa and I are
joined at the hip anyway.
--Don't get carried away!
--I'm sorry...
Let's do our best.
Thanks, you two.
I'll take care of the guardians.
If you only heal me from the rear,
you shouldn't be targeted.
Let's go.
Wow...
But there are too many!
There's no end to them...
--Recon!
--Right!
Wh-Why are they targeting us?
They're probably given a different targeting
algorithm from the monsters outside.
If so, there's no point
in dividing our roles.
Wait!
Recon?
Leafa, I don't really understand all this,
but this is important, right?
It is.
I don't think it's just
a game. At least not now.
Then, I'll try something to help!
R-Recon?
Y-You idiot!
Oh no...
Recon, that's enough... Get outside!
That's dark magic...
Self-destruct magic?
The death penalty for
that is really harsh...
You're such a fool!
No...
No... This is impossible...
This is just...
The Sylph Army?
But why?
Flying dragons?
The Cait Sith dragoons?
Sorry we're late.
Sorry!
It took some time to ready our gear.
Sakuya! Alicia!
Dragoons, ready breath attack!
Sylphs, prepare additional offensives!
Fire Breath... Go!
Fenrir Storm... Fire!
Thank you!
Thank you both so much!
No need to thank us.
We owe that Spriggan quite a lot.
And we only had enough money
for the raid because of him.
All forces, charge!
Don't hesitate! Keep going!
Sugu...
--Watch my back!
--Leave it to me.
Follow them!
Big Brother!
Go...
Go, Big Brother.
Go!
Everyone, fall back!
We're withdrawing!
Fly...
Fly forever.
Keep flying through the sky...
To the core of the world.
Damn it...
What's going on here?
--Yui!
--Yes, Daddy?
Daddy, this door isn't
locked by a quest flag.
It's locked by the
system administrators.
What does that mean?
Players were never intended
to be able to open this door!
No, wait... Wasn't that...
Yui, use this.
I'm going to transfer the code.
We're about to be teleported.
Daddy, your hand!
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "Gilded Hero."